Add swagger doc for the link pusher -> admin (#2146)
thecodingmachine/workadventure: docs/dev/adminAPI.md

# Implement your own admin API
## Why

> The major interest in developing your own admin API is first of all to integrate Work Adventure into an existing computer system.
> To be able to manage the accesses and the rooms be even according to what already exists.
> To do this, you must link the existing user database with Work Adventure.
> In addition, the advantage of implementing your own admin API is to be able to create rooms or access dynamically to Work Adventure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create your own Admin API and connect it to WorkAdventure if:

- you want to connect WorkAdventure to your own database
- you want some of your users to have special privileges (tags)
- you want to create rooms dynamically
- you want to have "pretty URLs" for your rooms

{.alert.alert-warning}
Be aware that WorkAdventure is licensed under "AGPL-3 restricted by the commons clause". It means in particular you are not allowed to sell a version of WorkAdventure online as a service. If in doubt, please contact us at hello@workadventu.re. We can offer special licenses depending on your use-case.
```

## Architecture

> [![](https://mermaid.ink/img/pako:eNpdkEFrwzAMhf-K0S4JpJexMDBjkNIVBjuE7VDKvIMbK4tJYgdHXldK__sUklKYTk9PTx9CZ6i8QZDwHfTQiLd35QTXSKcORVG-sgq-RXlX1w-Puc7mdnW0hhp5P_wuhhS5yJfVeJhZOx_awvygoxhwnk21TbbBO0rF02r1LMpEQRnHBoOCVEzOOlnrqk3nBXTmH3W_-1Sw9zGIIx5GS6jg6wbnixlYmN66STPzNisZz_zJvrIhgx5Dr63hD5wnWwE12DNUsnQYKehOgXIXjsbBaMIXY8kHkLXuRsxAR_IfJ1eBpBDxGtpYzef2S-ryBwzWbw8)](https://mermaid-js.github.io/mermaid-live-editor/edit#pako:eNpdkEFrwzAMhf-K0S4JpJexMDBjkNIVBjuE7VDKvIMbK4tJYgdHXldK__sUklKYTk9PTx9CZ6i8QZDwHfTQiLd35QTXSKcORVG-sgq-RXlX1w-Puc7mdnW0hhp5P_wuhhS5yJfVeJhZOx_awvygoxhwnk21TbbBO0rF02r1LMpEQRnHBoOCVEzOOlnrqk3nBXTmH3W_-1Sw9zGIIx5GS6jg6wbnixlYmN66STPzNisZz_zJvrIhgx5Dr63hD5wnWwE12DNUsnQYKehOgXIXjsbBaMIXY8kHkLXuRsxAR_IfJ1eBpBDxGtpYzef2S-ryBwzWbw8)
> <figcaption class="figure-caption text-center">Diagram of the architecture of Work Adventure</figcaption>
> <br>

Reviewer: In GitHub, you can directly put the Mermaid markdown now :smile: 

````suggestion
```mermaid
graph LR
    style API stroke:#ff475a,stroke-width:2px,stroke: 5 5
    subgraph WorkAdventure
        F(Front) <--> P("Pusher") --> B(Back)
    end
    subgraph YW["Your website"]
        API("Admin API")
        P ---> API
    end
```
````

First you need to understand how Work Adventure architecture is made.

> Work Adventure is divided in 3 sections :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WorkAdventure is divided in 3 sections :
```

- **Front**<br>
    The front is the visible part of Work Adventure, the one that serves the game.
- **Pusher**<br>
    The pusher is the one that centralizes the connections and makes exchanges through WebSocket tunnels with the clients of the Front.
    In addition, he speaks with the Back and the admin API if it's determinate.
- **Back**<br>
    The back is the service that allows all metrics, movements, bubbles to persist.

Finally, the Admin API is the part where the members are managed. This part is fully optional.
If you are reading this documentation this is surely because you want to implement your own admin API.

## Principles

> The first principle that you must understand is that it is not your site that will call the pusher but the reverse.<br>
> When you define access to your external API, the pusher will then directly ask it for the information and authorizations it needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important!** It is not your site that will call the pusher but the reverse.<br>
The pusher will directly ask your admin API for the information and authorizations it needs.
```

> [![](https://mermaid.ink/img/pako:eNqNkk9LxDAQxb9KyNUtvfewsFILggtFWbz0MiajDTZ_TCYsy7Lf3cRutWtdMKdkfu_NvJAcubASecUDfkQ0AmsFbx50Z1haDjwpoRwYYg2DwBpvDS1Zm1kbQ49-CTftfcYbqZXJh1EBkayJ-mVyNKxYr29YW7FSgxtr7VhLnlQFp35I7lkkWGTDFlyNBGoINRB8W79w8zeeTfPW6hKEwBCuTF0oLqY3SKLfYr5J7n972EUlHzE4awIuwvxDPcu2t-9QDirQlWS_-EWu58Qe5tYpwgT4imv0GpRMz3_Mso5Tjxo7XqWtwUgeho535pSk0UkgvJOKrOfVKwwBVzw_4tPBCF6RjziJzl_orDp9AnkPvDI)](https://mermaid-js.github.io/mermaid-live-editor/edit#pako:eNqNkk9LxDAQxb9KyNUtvfewsFILggtFWbz0MiajDTZ_TCYsy7Lf3cRutWtdMKdkfu_NvJAcubASecUDfkQ0AmsFbx50Z1haDjwpoRwYYg2DwBpvDS1Zm1kbQ49-CTftfcYbqZXJh1EBkayJ-mVyNKxYr29YW7FSgxtr7VhLnlQFp35I7lkkWGTDFlyNBGoINRB8W79w8zeeTfPW6hKEwBCuTF0oLqY3SKLfYr5J7n972EUlHzE4awIuwvxDPcu2t-9QDirQlWS_-EWu58Qe5tYpwgT4imv0GpRMz3_Mso5Tjxo7XqWtwUgeho535pSk0UkgvJOKrOfVKwwBVzw_4tPBCF6RjziJzl_orDp9AnkPvDI)
> <figcaption class="figure-caption text-center">Sequence diagram of the initialization of the Game Scene</figcaption>
> <br>

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant F as Front
    participant P as Pusher
    participant API as Admin API
    autonumber
    F ->>+ P: /map
    P ->>+ API: /api/map
    API -->>- P: MapDetailsData
    P -->>- F: MapDetailsData
    F ->>+ P: /room/access
    P ->>+ API: /api/room/access
    API -->>- P: FetchMemberDataByUuidResponse
    P -->>- F: FetchMemberDataByUuidResponse
    F ->>+ P: /woka/list
    P ->>+ API: /api/woka/list
    API -->>- P: WokaList
    P -->>- F: WokaList
```
````

> There are 3 end points that are the most important :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most important endpoints are:
```

- `/api/map`<br>
  _On the sequence diagram this is the call n°2._<br>

>   This end point returns a map mapping map name to file name of the map.
>   It will process the playURI and the uuid to return the information of the map if the user can access it.<br>
>   In case of success, this endpoint returns a `MapDetailsData` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This end point maps the URL of the map to the map info (in particular the URL to the Tiled JSON file.
  It will process the playURI and the uuid to return the information of the map if the user can access it.<br>
  In case of success, this endpoint returns a `MapDetailsData` object.
```

- `/api/room/access`<br>
  _On the sequence diagram this is the call n°6._<br>
  This end point returns the member's information if he can access this room.<br>
  In case of success, this endpoint returns a `FetchMemberDataByUuidResponse` object.
- `/api/woka/list`<br>
  _On the sequence diagram this is the call n°10._<br>
  This end point returns a list of all the woka from the world specified.<br>
  In case of success, this endpoint returns a `WokaList` object.

## What to do

> 1. You will need to implement, in your website, all the URLs that are listed in this swagger documentation : [WA Pusher](http://pusher.workadventure.localhost/swagger-ui/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You will need to implement, in your website, all the URLs that are listed in this swagger documentation : [WA Pusher](https://pusher.workadventu.re/swagger-ui/).
```
